Developer (#3)
logzio/logzio-helm: metricbeat/README.md

# Logzio-k8s-metrics

> Helm is a tool for managing Charts. Charts are packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources.  
> Logzio-k8s-metrics allows you to ship metrics from your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helm is a tool for managing packages of pre-configured Kubernetes resources, known as Charts.
Logzio-k8s-metrics allows you to ship metrics from your Kubernetes cluster.

```

```shell
kubectl --namespace=kube-system create secret generic logzio-metrics-secret \
  --from-literal=logzio-metrics-shipping-token=<<SHIPPING-TOKEN>> \
  --from-literal=logzio-metrics-listener-host=<<LISTENER-HOST>>
```

#### 2. Store your cluster details

Replace `<<KUBE-STATE-METRICS-NAMESPACE>>`, `<<KUBE-STATE-METRICS-PORT>>`, and `<<CLUSTER-NAME>>` in this command to save your cluster details as a Kubernetes secret.

```shell
kubectl --namespace=kube-system create secret generic cluster-details \
--from-literal=kube-state-metrics-namespace=<<KUBE-STATE-METRICS-NAMESPACE>> \
--from-literal=kube-state-metrics-port=<<KUBE-STATE-METRICS-PORT>> \
--from-literal=cluster-name=<<CLUSTER-NAME>>
```

#### 3. Add logzio-k8s-metrics repo to your helm repo list

```shell
helm repo add logzio-helm https://logzio.github.io/logzio-helm/metricbeat
```

#### 4. Deploy

```shell
helm install --namespace=kube-system logzio-k8s-metrics logzio-helm/logzio-k8s-metrics
```

#### 5. Check Logz.io for your metrics

Give your metrics some time to get from your system to ours, and then open [Logz.io](https://app.logz.io/).

</div>

### Configuration

> | Parameter | Description | Default |
> |---|---|---|
> | `image` | The Metricbeat Docker image. | `"docker.elastic.co/beats/metricbeat"` |
> | `imageTag` | The Metricbeat Docker image tag. | `"7.3.2"` |
> | `nameOverride` | Overrides the chart name for resources. | `""` |
> | `fullnameOverride` | Overrides the full name of the resources. | `"metricbeat"` |
> | `apiVersions.ConfigMap` | Api version of `configmap.yaml`. | `v1` |
> | `apiVersions.Deployment` | Api version of `deployment.yaml.` | `apps/v1` |
> | `apiVersions.DaemonSet` | Api version of `daemonset.yaml`. | `apps/v1` |
> | `apiVersions.ServiceAccount` | Api version of `serviceaccount.yaml`. | `v1` |
> | `apiVersions.ClusterRole` | Api version of `clusterrole.yaml`. | `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1` |
> | `apiVersions.ClusterRoleBinding` | Api version of `clusterrolebinding.yaml`. | `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1` |
> | `shippingProtocol` | Shipping protocol. | `http` |
> | `shippingPort` | Shipping port. | `10255` |
> | `serviceAccount.create` | Specifies whether a service account should be created. | `true` |
> | `serviceAccount.name` | Name of the service account. | `metricbeat` |
> | `podSecurityContext` | Configurable [securityContext](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) for Metricbeat DaemonSet and Deployment pod execution environment. | `{}` |
> | `resources` | Allows you to set the resources for both Metricbeat DaemonSet and Deployment. | `{}` |
> | `clusterRoleRules` | Configurable [cluster role rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#role-and-clusterrole) that Metricbeat uses to access Kubernetes resources. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `managedServiceAccount` | Whether the serviceAccount should be managed by this helm chart. Set this to false in order to manage your own service account and related roles. | `true` |
> | `secretMounts` | Allows you easily mount a secret as a file inside DaemonSet and Deployment Useful for mounting certificates and other secrets. | `see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml)` |
> | `terminationGracePeriod` | Termination period (in seconds) to wait before killing Metricbeat pod process on pod shutdown. | `30` |
> | `hostPathRoot` | Fully-qualified [hostPath](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#hostpath) that will be used to persist Metricbeat registry data. | `/var/lib` |
> | `logzioCert` | Logzio public SSL certificate. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `metricbeatConfig` | Metricbeat configuration. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `daemonset.extraVolumeMounts` | Templatable string of additional `volumeMounts` to be passed to the DaemonSet. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `daemonset.extraVolumes` | Templatable string of additional `volumes` to be passed to the DaemonSet. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `daemonset.metricbeatConfig` | Allows you to add any config files in `/usr/share/metricbeat` such as `metricbeat.yml` for Metricbeat Daemonset. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `daemonset.securityContext` | Configurable [securityContext](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) for Metricbeat DaemonSet pod execution environment. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `daemonset.resources` | Allows you to set the resources for Metricbeat Deployment. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `daemonset.secretMounts` | Allows you easily mount a secret as a file inside the DaemonSet. Useful for mounting certificates and other secrets. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `deployment.extraVolumeMounts` | Templatable string of additional volumeMounts to be passed to the Deployment. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `deployment.extraVolumes` | Templatable string of additional `volumes` to be passed to the Deployment. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `deployment.metricbeatConfig` | Allows you to add any config files in `/usr/share/metricbeat` such as `metricbeat.yml` for Metricbeat Deployment. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `deployment.securityContext` | Configurable [securityContext](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) for Metricbeat Deployment pod execution environment. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `deployment.resources` | Allows you to set the resources for Metricbeat Deployment. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |
> | `deployment.secretMounts` | Allows you easily mount a secret as a file inside the Deployment Useful for mounting certificates and other secrets. | see [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Configuration options
| Parameter | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|
| `image` | The Metricbeat Docker image. | `"docker.elastic.co/beats/metricbeat"` |
| `imageTag` | The Metricbeat Docker image tag. | `"7.3.2"` |
| `nameOverride` | Overrides the Chart name for resources. | `""` |
| `fullnameOverride` | Overrides the full name of the resources. | `"metricbeat"` |
| `apiVersions.ConfigMap` | API version of `configmap.yaml`. | `v1` |
| `apiVersions.Deployment` | API version of `deployment.yaml.` | `apps/v1` |
| `apiVersions.DaemonSet` | API version of `daemonset.yaml`. | `apps/v1` |
| `apiVersions.ServiceAccount` | API version of `serviceaccount.yaml`. | `v1` |
| `apiVersions.ClusterRole` | API version of `clusterrole.yaml`. | `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1` |
| `apiVersions.ClusterRoleBinding` | API version of `clusterrolebinding.yaml`. | `rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1beta1` |
| `shippingProtocol` | Shipping protocol. | `http` |
| `shippingPort` | Shipping port. | `10255` |
| `serviceAccount.create` | Specifies whether a service account should be created. | `true` |
| `serviceAccount.name` | Name of the service account. | `metricbeat` |
| `podSecurityContext` | Configurable [securityContext](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) for Metricbeat DaemonSet and Deployment pod execution environment. | `{}` |
| `resources` | Allows you to set the resources for both Metricbeat DaemonSet and Deployment. | `{}` |
| `clusterRoleRules` | Configurable [cluster role rules](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#role-and-clusterrole) that Metricbeat uses to access Kubernetes resources. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml)..... |
| `managedServiceAccount` | Specifies whether the serviceAccount should be managed by this helm Chart. Set this to false to manage your own service account and related roles. | `true` |
| `secretMounts` | Allows you to easily mount a secret as a file inside DaemonSet and Deployment. Useful for mounting certificates and other secrets. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `terminationGracePeriod` | Termination period (in seconds) to wait before killing Metricbeat pod process on pod shutdown. | `30` |
| `hostPathRoot` | Fully-qualified [hostPath](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/volumes/#hostpath) that will be used to persist Metricbeat registry data. | `/var/lib` |
| `logzioCert` | Logzio public SSL certificate. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `metricbeatConfig` | Metricbeat configuration. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `daemonset.extraVolumeMounts` | Templatable string of additional `volumeMounts` to be passed to the DaemonSet. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `daemonset.extraVolumes` | Templatable string of additional `volumes` to be passed to the DaemonSet. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `daemonset.metricbeatConfig` | Allows you to add any config files in `/usr/share/metricbeat` such as `metricbeat.yml` for Metricbeat Daemonset. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `daemonset.securityContext` | Configurable [securityContext](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) for Metricbeat DaemonSet pod execution environment. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `daemonset.resources` | Allows you to set the resources for Metricbeat Deployment. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `daemonset.secretMounts` | Allows you to easily mount a secret as a file inside the DaemonSet. Useful for mounting certificates and other secrets. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `deployment.extraVolumeMounts` | Templatable string of additional volumeMounts to be passed to the Deployment. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `deployment.extraVolumes` | Templatable string of additional `volumes` to be passed to the Deployment. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `deployment.metricbeatConfig` | Allows you to add any config files in `/usr/share/metricbeat` such as `metricbeat.yml` for Metricbeat Deployment. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `deployment.securityContext` | Configurable [securityContext](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/security-context/) for Metricbeat Deployment pod execution environment. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `deployment.resources` | Allows you to set the resources for Metricbeat Deployment. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
| `deployment.secretMounts` | Allows you to easily mount a secret as a file inside the Deployment Useful for mounting certificates and other secrets. | See [values.yaml](https://github.com/logzio/logzio-helm/blob/master/metricbeat/values.yaml). |
```
